today I'm going to teach you or show you
how to replace the hodges on a HP touch
smart iq500 desktop to begin with you
will actually remove memory copy wish
hold by one school as I can tell you is
visit my hand this is where new schools
you will screw the school and you take a
memory cover so the solution to add our
to that I had already take the computer
power so therefore they decide to show
you how to do it but once you take the
memory cover there's a few more school
that you would need to take off the
student this away here uh know if you
can see it you take to school - through
school one here one here and you take us
to school off once you dot once you take
us co-op is a few more school unit to
take off one here one is here one is a
one easy one in two on the other side
which is you will have to do the dish
there were supposed to be on the DVD
drive cover you will have to renew the
dividual coven order for you to get to
access to those two schools right there
once you take the school off which is
you have this thing that you have to
stand for the computer that we shall
take off but all it is once you take the
memory what you take a memory card which
is let me take this memory cover right
here from here and all you have to do is
on school does for school right there
and you will be able to remove it once
you do that all you have to do is lift
once you take all the necessary schools
off all you have to do it
if lift this off when she lifts it up
you should be able to get access to the
hard drive and here's the hard drive
right here and here's the memory so I
doubt the president has I don't have to
take it out but all was to remove the
heads of the screws that you need to
remove it's one here and two on the side
what you take the spools pulls off you
should be able to take the header and
that was it